README.md, before:

# Dumpster

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/badge.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/garaio/dumpster)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/senny/dumpster.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/senny/dumpster)

Abstraction layer to export tabular data. Currently dumpster supports XLSX and CSV exports.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'dumpster'
```

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install dumpster

## Usage

```ruby
data = [['col1-row1', 'col2-row1'], ['col1-row2', 'col2-row2']]
model = Dumpster::Model::Generic.new(data)

writer = Dumpster.csv_writer(model)
writer = Dumpster.csv_writer(model, :type => :windows)
writer = Dumpster.excel_writer(model)

writer.write_to_file('/some/directory/some.file')
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Sql model is now known as ActiveRecordSql

README.md, after:

# Dumpster

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/badge.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/garaio/dumpster)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/senny/dumpster.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/senny/dumpster)

Abstraction layer to export tabular data. Currently dumpster supports XLSX and CSV exports.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'dumpster'
```

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install dumpster

## Usage

```ruby
data = [['col1-row1', 'col2-row1'], ['col1-row2', 'col2-row2']]
model = Dumpster::Model::Generic.new(data)

writer = Dumpster.csv_writer(model)
writer = Dumpster.csv_writer(model, :type => :windows)
writer = Dumpster.excel_writer(model)

writer.write_to_file('/some/directory/some.file')
```

### ActiveRecord

Dumpster ships with a `Dumpster::Model::ActiveRecordSql`. This model
allows you to execute arbitrary SQL through ActiveRecord to export the
result.

```ruby
model = Dumpster::Model::ActiveRecordSql.new('SELECT * from users')

writer = Dumpster.csv_writer(model) # for CSV output
writer = Dumpster.excel_writer(model) # for Excel output

writer.write_to_file('/some/directory/some.file')
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
